what I'll do this have a gel for your
quick this is my new toy cost me nothing
got it off a friend he's dead to do a
custom paint job on it
it's over windy is O Donnell trying not
to make it down muffled this is a little
bit loose the chain guard changed good
sprockets a good brakes a good which if
I can convince my mom to let me keep it
they probably will be staying on here if
the car I'll be dropping it down and
putting the brakes from a go-cart and
keeping the engine of course but there
is a one problem and mud guards which
should bow on to these little fins here
there isn't one and no so no air filter
so running it without it rather long and
that's the in that for the card just
been squirting dirt in there and there's
a little bit it's a little bits of grit
in there so I'm going we gonna have to
take it off and give it a clean but it
does run well I've already had it
running I've been driving around on it
I've driven it like three times and this
thing did used to be the yellow I can
tell no actually because it's coming off
which I wouldn't mind it being yellow
again might actually have to try and we
spray this again because I don't like it
really it's not so bad the fuel cap is
broken off and here and there's nothing
holding this thing on right from the
fuel line fuel line's the only thing
that's keeping this connected I do a
startup is
idle right because the linkage in link
the wrong system needs fixing
it used to be seized and yes we seized
and it's all about you replacing it
properly he did some monster on it now
it doesn't idle he did say had a problem
of the overflow leaking and its
affiliates I thought I'd fix that but
family no I didn't actually take the
flow out there'd be something - I'll
take the little drain screw off the
bottom of the club and then blow
compressed air in through the main fuel
line now sort out it's not bad engine no
it sounds like good his it's an exhaust
yeah this thing had between me and
the oil gave it to me and one of his
friends carried I mean kind of push this
thing I took the bull start because I'm
raising it was raining and it wasn't
actually touched and the other buyer was
there he took today just do Ricky for me
now I do have to find the screws to hold
this on just these four mounting screws
out here and I'll be good brakes on it
still work fine stop it good stop my
gold good as well it's just no
longer three bolts I can make a little
thing that's cool for me so I don't
convince my mom to let you let me keep
this and should be interesting I'll get
back to you later